---
title: Monday 27 November 2017
layout: post
author: arvin.joy
permalink: /monday-27-november-2017/
source-id: 1_UyAgBXfuInhTAXL3VVMzu9XOjPt7hFAlO-_4vA3NeE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 1</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>27/11/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>With Google Sheets</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To make an effective way of adding together prices and using code to find items in the shop</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by listening to the teacher explaining what to do in the lesson and by him showing us multiple ways of doing the same thing on the board. Sometimes I forgot what to write as the code so I asked the person sitting next to me. Both of them were very effective strategies about listening to the teacher was more effective. I also used my common sense because there were some stuff the teacher didn't explain but i found out how to do it in the end. My teacher also put the longest and hardest part of the code on the board so that we could copy it without a problem because that was a crucial line of code for my Google sheet to work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that I had a faulty computer limted my learning, This is because in the beginning of the lesson everybody logged in and I couldn't because it said my email wasn't valid bat it took me time to find the solution so when the teacher was explaining stuff my mind was elsewhere. I also think that the amount of distractions limited my learning because everyone was loud and people were messing around making me lose my concentration during the lesson. I think I need to work on improving my concentration so that I could do more work in the lessons.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will change my approach to solving problems because at the beginning of the lesson I kept on putting my email address in and it got denied, instead of trying something different like pressing the back button or putting my monitor off and on again. I will improve
ve my learning by listening to the teacher and to understand the reasons behind why he is writing certain code or why he is using certain formatting. I will also try my best to concentrate in lessons and block out any distractions.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


