---
title: Monday 6 March 2017
layout: post
author: arvin.joy
permalink: /monday-6-march-2017/
source-id: 1akqDXSKq0FHY_jigbuml0zS0uxKaJ4g_iFUk2R73qL8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>lesson 7</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>06/03/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>with the photos on how to set it up</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To make the lights flash</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>we looked at our photos on how to set the flashing lights up and then we started to experiment with the wires hand we tried putting them in different circuits. Then we found that asking people around us to see what they did was useful and at the end we figured out how to do it and we made the lights flash consecutively.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that if I knew more about the electric components I would have made the lights flash a lot sooner and me and my partner could have done it individually without asking other people for help. I think that I need to work on using more lights and to properly understand what the code means and how the code works so then I will know what I am doing.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will change the amount of wires and lights that I use so I can come out with a better outcome. I will improve my learning by trying to understand the code and what it does. I will improve on the code so I can experiment with it. I will see what the other electric components do so I know what the differences are and how to use them and when to use them.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


