---
title: Monday 23 January 2017
layout: post
author: arvin.joy
permalink: /monday-23-january-2017/
source-id: 1x9ef4lvQogtoqX38vUp9Jv1LoxxsccSD0vSgaX7at_8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <tt>Title</tt>
    <tt>Lesson 2</tt>
    <tt>Date</tt>
    <tt>23/01/17</tt>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <tt>Starting point:</tt>
    <td>learning code</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <tt>Target for this lesson?</tt>
    <td>Advance my knowledge with the fuze box</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <tt>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</tt>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <tt>Lesson Review</tt>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <tt>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </tt>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Me and my partner tried the same code as last time and we saw that this was a very effective way.We expanded our code and tried to make new questions for the program to ask. This time we some how found it a bit harder to save the work so we asked the people sitting next to us for hell and they helped us. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <tt>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </tt>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>well I think forgetting how to save the work made us lose time and in that time we could have experimented more with code and learn new things. I still think we need to improve on setting everything up because we spend lots of time in getting the wires and fuze box so if I worked on that we could get more work done and have more time to try out new things.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <tt>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</tt>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will change the questions the code asks to make them more interesting and I will add different and new things to the code instead of the code just asking questions. I will improve my learning by reading more of the instruction manual and try new things with my partner and see what will happen and if good things happen I will add that to the code and I will try to make the code better than it already is by adding new things.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


