---
title: Monday 13 March 2017 
layout: post
author: arvin.joy
permalink: /monday-13-march-2017-/
source-id: 1GhJ0YohNgzZoAp_DsXqc9mdlF85tw0jMLlOaeHuJ1tU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>lesson 8</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13/03/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>with instruction manual and tool kit</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To start to use the robot arm</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt two codes for the electric components one was a burglar alarm and the other was a number that changed on the screen when we covered the light receiver.i think that looking,at the instruction manual and experimenting were effective strategies. I also learned a bit of code for the robot arm so now I can move it around but I am not that good with it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that the robot arm was new and we never used it before made us struggle because we didn't know how to operate it properly and we spent a lot of time on the code and then accidently deleted all of it so we had to do it all over again. When it wasn't working we thought there was a problem in our code but we actually forgot to put the robotic arm on. They we found it hard to reset the arm because it kept on going down and we tried bringing it back up manually but we thought it would break so that wasted time.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>next time I will get better at the robot arm and figure out how to use it. I will read the instruction manual carefully and see if there is anything I have done wrong. I will see if there are any errors in my code and fix them and I will try to work independently with my partner and solve problems by checking the code instead of asking others for help.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


