---
title: Tuesday 6 June 2017
layout: post
author: arvin.joy
permalink: /tuesday-6-june-2017/
source-id: 1-_1f3AhsiFcLPiuYqZ4J4EqylAWqqsN59uyOa7bA4HU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 14</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>06/06/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>With my code on Codecademy </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To understand how computers interpret code</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learned by my teacher bringing us to the front of the class and he talked to us and explained how a computer decomposes code. I think that the diagrams that my teacher drew and the way he explained things were an effective strategy. He gave us a simple problem that we could relate to, how to make coffee. We struggled with this because we kept on making assumptions I.e. a person has coffee bags and a working water tap etc.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that there is a lot of variables and points that we need to take into consideration because computers take it into consideration. We keep on assuming stuff because we know that people need these things but code on computers do take assumptions so it would be harder to code. I think I need to work on writing code in a way computers understand it instead of the way humans understand it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will try to decompose the code I have to make to see if it works instead of looking  at the hints and codecademy telling me what I did wrong. I will improve my learning by trying to understand problems how computers understand them. I will aso try not to get distracted in lessons because this lesson people distracted me and in previous lessons I got distracted as well.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


