---
title: Monday 27 Febuary 2017
layout: post
author: arvin.joy
permalink: /monday-27-febuary-2017/
source-id: 1f17VUcWAs_6xnxB50a-BHmZ4OaqBtBfoXfq4rX4bH-M
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Leson 6</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>27/02/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>with our code for flashing lights and light set</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To make the lights flash</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We used the manual and asked our peers for help because they nearly did it so we made progress by helping each other. We also tried to experiment to find out how to make the lights flash and we ended up accidently switching the fuse box off. But by helping each other we got one light flashing. It our second light didn't flash.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We struggled a lot in the beginning because we didn't know where to put some of the wires because the pictures in the instruction manual were hard to see. So I think if the images in the instruction manual were a bit more clearer we would have understood what to do so we could do it more quicker and move on to videoing the lights flashing.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will look at the photos I took so it would be easier to set the flashing lights up and I will try to experiment with them to find where the wires go because it is hard to find out with the instruction manual. I will improve my learning by trying to make more than two lights flash and I will try to use the electric components more efficiently.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


