---
title: Tuesday 13 June 2017
layout: post
author: arvin.joy
permalink: /tuesday-13-june-2017/
source-id: 1xsAmYfmNkq5ghmvoFtGQvPAGnO5GBQF2RTeBWZM4CHw
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 15</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13/06/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>With my previous code</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Make progress with python on codecademy </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by expanding my knowledge by solving exercises with my own knowledge and understanding new ways to solve problems. I think the effective stratifies were thinking about what the exercises wants me to do then if I really couldn't do it I would ask my friends and if they didn't know what to to I would ask my teacher.  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that I limited my learning because I spent lots of time getting distracted by the people around me and it left me with little time to do more code which helped me back a lot. I think I need to work on working faster and understanding the code I also got stuck on parts where I had to write long code with lots of variables and statements.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will change my working pace so I can work a lot faster to get more work done. I will improve my learning by trying not to get distracted and really focusing on what I am doing and not what other people are doing. I will also try to understand the code hi am using more by thinking about the reasons why I use the code and how the code varies for different uses. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


