---
title: Tuesday 11 July 2017
layout: post
author: arvin.joy
permalink: /tuesday-11-july-2017/
source-id: 12A08a1UDg1zDgo6UpGFZAauMhAJdlaiHPl1JCjKheEI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 19</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>11/07/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>with my previous code on codecademy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a Github Pages Static Website</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt with the instructions on codecademy and the examples on codecademy, I also use my previous knowledge and if I got stuck I used the glossary or asked my friends. These strategies were effective but I also found that going through my previous exersises was useful because sometimes I got stuck and spent a long time thinking about it and the only thing I could do was go back to the other exersises.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that getting stuck and forgetting the code limted my learning because the code was obvious and I haven't used it in a long time so I forgot what to do. I still think I need to work on not getting distracted easily because there are still some people in the class who distract people and I try to block them out but it doesn't work which then makes me not do enough code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will change the area in which I work so I can be far away from the people who distract me in class so I can get more work done. I will inprove my learning by going to my previous exersises and finding the parts of code I struggle with and work on inproving them at home as well as 10 minutes of code at home every other day.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


