---
title: Monday 15 May 2017
layout: post
author: arvin.joy
permalink: /monday-15-may-2017/
source-id: 1R9luV8Yq4NqsFclfNlRjR6sJDmBQ64Kdyl5Bwki077U
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 13</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>15/05/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Codecademy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To learn python </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt how to use if else statements and who to use strings,variables, true or false statements altogether in one set of code. I think that trying every method and looking at the hint if I was stuck was an effective method and asking others for help was also an effective strategy. This helped me to learn because I would work independently and ask for hints so I can learn how to do it next time.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that not knowing some code and taking lots of time to figure how to solve a hard exercise was very time consuming. I think I need to work on concentrating because there is lots of noise and lots of people try to figure out the exercise that their on, this distracts me from working and it makes me waste time. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will try to do more code for homework so I can advance my learning and I will try to find quicker ways to complete the exercises. I will try to focus on my work and try my best not to get distracted by other people. I will improve my learning by understanding the reasons to use certain expressions in cod i.e if else statements true and false statements etc. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


