---
title: Monday 27 March 2017
layout: post
author: arvin.joy
permalink: /monday-27-march-2017/
source-id: 1vNOOBPD80rHPTUOmYSpPaOWzaHPFf1o4klBrMuT5hbU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson  10</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>27/03/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>with my code and robot arm</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To experiment with the robot arm</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learned by using the instruction manual and by asking my friends and my partner. This method was effective because when we putt the code on and ran the code I thought that we had finished then my friend told me that we can add passwords. This was a useful thing to know because now I can add passwords to anything. I also thought that lab line what everything did was effective because it saved time.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that the instruction manual limted my learning, because it only told me to do certain things and it didn't say how to add passwords or how to add extra things to make the program better. I think I need to work on saving my work because we had to rush at the end of the lesson and all the work we did in that lesson was wasted, luckily we were adding extra things so the main part of the code we did last week wasn't lost.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will change the time I save my work, so that when I add something new that works I would save it. I will improve my learning by finding out new and fun things to add onto my code. I will also improve my learning by understanding the code more and experiment with the code to see what will happen.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


