---
title: Tuesday 20 June 2017 
layout: post
author: arvin.joy
permalink: /tuesday-20-june-2017-/
source-id: 101-a1YOrxQzHemX839SmPRFHNYZNm6-l-wazgKEOM60
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 16</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>20/06/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>with my previous code on codecademy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Make progress on codecademy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by using my own knowledge and if I forgot what something was I went on the glossary but if I couldn't find it on the glossary I went back a few exercises to see where I used it before and what it is. That was an effective stratagem because I used to ask people for help and soon times they would give me the answer and that was not useful because I don't know the process to get the answer for the future. But by looking at the glossary it made me more independent.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that forgetting things I did at the very beginning of the python course limited my learning because I had to go back a few exercise and find out how to do the exercise that I am on. I think that I need to work on g not getting distracted because I always get distracted in every lesson but today my teacher wasn't there and we had a cover teacher so lots of children were messing about and not doing work so they went around annoying other people.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will try to focus on my learning and try not to get distracted by other people. I will also carry on using the glossary when I am stuck instead of asking people in my class. I will improve my learning by looking at functions in my code that was already there and find out what they mean I.e. Was programmed mmed to go with the exercise. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


