---
title: Monday 24 April 2017
layout: post
author: arvin.joy
permalink: /monday-24-april-2017/
source-id: 1QYb2cUFrriWeZ2jbCO9dNvaM80pB-WqBOdPE9aUDyx4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Leson 11</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>24/04/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>With codecademy </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To learn python</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learned with a site called codecademy. I think that reading the example and reading the instructions was an effective strategy. When I got stuck I retraced my steps and looked for an error if I couldn't find one I wrote the code again. If I still didn't know what to do I asked the person next to me if they could give me a hint.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that doing python for the first time limted my learning in a later stage because in the beginning it was easy and simple but as I made more progress, it got harder and this took time for me to figure out what to do. I think I need to work on trying to not get distracted because lots of people talk and it is quite loud. This makes it harder for me to concentrate.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will try to not get distracted so I can get more work done and make lots of progress. I will change my pace on python because currently I am working slowly so I will try to work a bit faster. I will improve my learning by making sure I understand what I am told to do and the reason behind what I am told to do because I can use it outside of codecademy.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


