---
title: Monday 16 January 2017
layout: post
author: arvin.joy
permalink: /monday-16-january-2017/
source-id: 1C43f1b5IiNg_5rNerAKVxqrBjuM94YLIkolqXM21dX4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 1 Monday 16 January 2017</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>16/01/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>learning code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Experiment with code and the FUZE box.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt how to set up a FUZE box and how to write bits of code and make the code work. My partner and I were experimenting different ways of writing code we started making a repetitive code which repeated the same thing over and over again. Than we made the program ask questions and we made the answers of the first question go into the second question e.g. Code: What is your name? Person: Name. Code: Hello name.  We found this very usefull and fun to experiment with.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>when we started we had a bit of trouble setting up and To know what code to write because there were lots so we decided to start with the simplest codes and moved on to the slightly harder ones. Next time we do the code we are going to finish the one we started and make it better so we don't waste time on anything at the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time we will spend the time on the code and improving it rather than spending time on choosing the code. This way I can get more things done in a lesson. I will improve my learning by trying the harder code and experimenting with them to increase my knowledge of coding</td>
  </tr>
</table>


