---
title: Tuesday 4 July 2017
layout: post
author: arvin.joy
permalink: /tuesday-4-july-2017/
source-id: 1H91D5nuDNp9VBUTyQPct1QQOvHCEKj9lJ05hFXtxiSY
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 17</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>04/07/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>with my previous code on python </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>to make progress with my codecademy learning</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by reading the instructions and by using my previous knowledge. That was an effective strategy but when it didn't work I asked other people for help and I looked in the glossary. I also looked back through the previous exercises to see if i forgot something and to find the right answer to the exercise I am currently doing this was an effective strategy as well.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that me forgetting code limited my learning because recently I started to forget code so I needed to go back through the previous exercises to get the right answer. Some of the people around me also limited my learning because they are really loud and they go around the classroom distracting people which also distracted me. I think I need to work on not getting easily distracted by other people.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will change my working pace because currently I am working slowly and not getting enough exercises done. I will also try and focus on my work by blocking out the people who distract me so I can get more work done. I will improve my learning by trying to be more independent when I get stuck instead of asking other people and looking at the glossary straightaway. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


