---
title: Monday 20 March 2017
layout: post
author: arvin.joy
permalink: /monday-20-march-2017/
source-id: 1OX07Hp92jVsUvRInW17dKaIRPjNGCpivGeLD_La-Bmw
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>leson 9</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>20/03/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>with my code and robot arm</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>experiment with the robot arm</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by using the instruction manual and with my partner. We experimented different things and asked other people for help when we needed it. This was very effective because near the end of the lesson we managed to make the robot arm write on an A3 piece of paper. This was a good experience because I now know how to use the robot arm and this could do many other things.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that the instruction manuals only focus on one thing so I can't do anything esse with the robot arm because you can do many things with it but the manual only tells you how to do one thing. This really limited my learning in many ways. I think that I need to find out other ways to use the robot arm so my learning won't be limited, and I can be a bit more independent.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will change ways I use the robot arm and I will experiment with it so I can understand more and find different ways to use it. I will improve my learning by finding out why certain code is used and reasons for the types code in different scenarios.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


