---
title: Tuesday 16 October 2018
layout: post
author: arvin.joy
permalink: /tuesday-16-october-2018/
source-id: 1H9_DCCYLrdh9Xhjt23p8BfjCR_7Dqz6jbK2e4zRzXYo
published: true
---
Computer science lesson 23                                                           16.10.18

In today's lesson we were doing more on networks. Were looked at how buildings and areas are connected in networks. There are disadvantages of using networked computers and standalone computers. Some of them are that standalone networks don’t need servers while networked do, it is easier to hack into all the computers in a network than standalone computers and networked computers are expensive. The advantages of networked computers are that everyone can connect with each other and communicate with them, all the computers can be updated at the same time if there is a master computer that gets updated first and network supervisors can see what you are doing and restrict content. 

LAN means local area network, they cover a small geographical area and usually operate on a single site or within a single institution. LAN's also use cables and radio waves to connect. An example is a school network and home or a small business network. WAN means wide area network, they cover a large geographical area and they use cables, telephone lines, satellites and radio waves to connect, an examples are International banking systems and an ATM and the Internet. A network interface card is used to connect PC’s to the internet, you used to be able to take them out and replace them but now they come built in. NIC’ s (network interface cards) can be wired or wireless, Inside computers, tablets and mobile phones.

To connect networks together people use the Bus and Star network. The Bus network Is a long cable that connects many computers along the cable. There are terminators at each end of the cable it is connected to multiple nodes and a server at the beginning. The star network has a server at the beginning and itt id connected to a switch or a hub and that has multiple cables leading out to all of the nodes. There are many advantages and disadvantages of each one.

